Docs 1.0 refactor rs (#89)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/deploy-a-model/nlp-text-classification.mdx

# Deploy a Text Classification Model

> This page will walk through an example of deploying a text-classification model with DeepSparse Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page walks through an example of deploying a text-classification model with DeepSparse Server.
```

The DeepSparse Server is a server wrapper around `Pipelines`, including the sentiment analysis pipeline. As such,
the server provides an HTTP interface that accepts raw text sequences as inputs and responds with the labeled predictions.

> With all of this built on top of the DeepSparse Engine, the simplicity of servable pipelines is combined with GPU class performance on CPUs for sparse models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With all of this built on top of the DeepSparse Engine, the simplicity of servable pipelines is combined with GPU-class performance on CPUs for sparse models.
```

## Start the Server

Before starting the server, the model must be set up in the format expected for DeepSparse `Pipelines`.

> See an example of how to setup `Pipelines` in the [Try a Model](../../try-a-model) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See an example of how to set up `Pipelines` in the [Try a Model](../../try-a-model) section.
```

> Once the `Pipelines` are setup, the `deepsparse.server` command launches a server with the model at `--model_path` inside. The `model_path` can either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `Pipelines` are set up, the `deepsparse.server` command launches a server with the model at `--model_path` inside. The `model_path` can either
```

be a SparseZoo stub or a local model path.

> The command below starts up the DeepSparse Server for a sparsified DistilBERT model (from the SparseZoo) trained on the SST-2 dataset for sentiment analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command below starts up the DeepSparse Server for a sparsified DistilBERT model (from the SparseZoo) trained on the SST2 dataset for sentiment analysis.
```
